readme.md, before:

```
# Core Phoenix WP Theme

A lean, mean WP theme. Work-In-Progress. For now, it's not even a proper WP theme - it's some pure and basic HTML and CSS that will set up the pillars of what the theme itself will be. Sometime in the - I hope not too distant - future.

## Some backstory...

I designed http://unregistered.gr's and http://pipesmag.com's main theme, titled "Core", ages ago. It remains a fluid, versatille theme that's visually closer to a proper mag than most of the "magazine themes" out there. But some things were lacking: it depended on some plugins (for no real reason bar my inexperience to taming and extending WP through PHP) and was practically a behemoth of rules upon rules, with other rules canceling some of those rules, with even more extra rules sprinkled on top, changing stuffs. Far from what you'd call optimal.

After a nasty hack sent both sites (and some extra co-hosted ones) offline, and after having neglected updating them for years, I decided it was time for a reboot. And this is it: a leaner, meaner theme that should, for all intends and purposes, look and work in a similar way to the "Core" variants before it. But better. In each and every way.

I dunno if and when it will be finished - I've got other priorities in life right now. But I *had* to stop perpetually postponing it.

## Getting Started

Load the main index.html into your browser to see how everything's looking up to now, and how any WP site will look in the future when using this theme.

### Prerequisites

None for now. We'll see if anything extra is needed. I'll try to keep everything simple and avoid using *any* addons if it isn't really necessary.

This *does* mean that, in the long run, I consider better (and the theme will demand) editing some files to change some parameters manually instead of having to add extra fluff on a WP instalation, needlesly draging things down.

### Installing

Nothing for now. It's the equivalent of a non-working "static" HTML page. Will be "WordPress-ized" when we reach a point where that's possible.

## Built With

* Sublime Text 3 editor
* Atom editor
* Firefox (Nightly)
* EMMET & SASS & LESS & SCSS and stuffs, for quicker initial setup
* Bits and pieces from HTML5 Boilerplate.
* Font Awesome
* Lots of coffee
* Pure CSS slideshow idea from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z74ExMz-cWU (...but tweaked to fit the rest of our theme).

## Contributing

Feel free to message me if you care to lend a hand in the theme's development. PHP's not my strong point, so if anyone wants to deal with that part, I'm open. Page me.

## Authors

* Odysseas Kourafalos - aka: Ducklord

## License

This project is licensed under no License for now - this is something I didn't have the time to deal with. To keep things simple, "you can use it if you mention, with links, what it is, where you found it and who made it in the footer of your site". Since, for now, it's useless as a "real theme" for WP sites, I don't think you'd really care "using it".

## Acknowledgments

* Many-many thanks to Phoat for originally teaching me the basic webdev stuffs, constant support and awesome hosting for close to the past decade.
* Also to my wife and kiddo for tolerating me.
* Hybrid, Crystal Method, Fluke and Philter for providing the main background noise while I made this. Through Spotify.

### Theme backgrounds
The default "test" images are from Pexels. Specifically (and since I like acknowledging everybody I "borrowed" stuff from):
* Pixabay (https://www.pexels.com/photo/sky-space-telescope-universe-41951/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/barbecue-blaze-bonfire-burn-220129/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/red-and-orange-solar-flare-73873/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/sky-space-dark-galaxy-2150/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/astronomy-background-constellation-cosmic-355887/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/abstract-art-blur-bright-373543/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/red-lights-in-line-on-black-surface-158826/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/computer-computer-keyboard-contemporary-display-257881/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/aerospace-engineering-exploration-launch-34521/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/accessory-buttons-console-control-275033/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/arts-build-close-up-commerce-273230/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/blur-chains-chrome-close-up-220237/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/aperture-art-blur-camera-414781/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/macro-shot-of-water-drops-on-leaf-326461/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/abstract-art-blur-board-270549/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/technology-computer-lines-board-50711/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-wireless-game-controller-on-black-leather-159438/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/white-reflection-happy-game-59966/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/game-controller-159204/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-video-game-controller-159393/)
* Jutta Albers (https://www.pexels.com/photo/firewoods-on-fire-998090/)
* Juan (https://www.pexels.com/photo/photography-of-night-sky-733475/)
* Nathan Cowley (https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-grass-on-sand-overlooking-body-of-water-1300510/)
* No Name (https://www.pexels.com/photo/nature-sky-sunset-the-mountains-66997/)
* Frans Van Heerden (https://www.pexels.com/photo/grey-and-orange-spaceship-700015/)
* Tookapic (https://www.pexels.com/photo/lights-night-blur-traffic-8395/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/electronics-circuit-board-11406/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/reflection-playstation-pad-gaming-18174/)
* Rakicevic Nenad (https://www.pexels.com/photo/silhouette-of-person-holding-glass-mason-jar-1274260/)
* Bob Clark (https://www.pexels.com/photo/lights-water-blur-rain-21492/)
* Mitchell Henderson (https://www.pexels.com/photo/snow-and-trees-2004383/)
* Jeremy Bishop (https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-grass-field-during-evening-2397413/)
* Jaymantri (https://www.pexels.com/photo/earth-space-cosmos-5439/)
* Clem Onojeghuo (https://www.pexels.com/photo/blue-ocean-sea-water-175773/)
* RawPixel (https://www.pexels.com/photo/macbook-pro-908284/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-and-white-laptop-computer-872958/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-playing-foosball-1464820/)
* FancyCrave.com (https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-and-black-computer-motherboard-825258/)
* Panumas Nikhomkhai (https://www.pexels.com/photo/bandwidth-close-up-computer-connection-1148820/)
* Sebastiaan Stam (https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-s-gray-hoodie-1482476/)
* Stephan Muller (https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-wearing-black-and-blue-mask-costume-1473215/)
* Martin Lopez (https://www.pexels.com/photo/white-and-black-computer-fan-2225617/)
* Garrett Morrow (https://www.pexels.com/photo/top-view-photo-of-black-wireless-headphones-1649771/)
* Azz Bad (https://www.pexels.com/photo/analogue-business-close-up-computer-117729/)
* Suludan Diliyaer (https://www.pexels.com/photo/buttons-close-up-controller-dark-596750/)
* Jens Mahnke (https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-holding-white-snes-controller-776092/)
* Yurii Hlei (https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-xbox-controller-1365795/)
* FreeStocks.Org (https://www.pexels.com/photo/mokup-smartphone-technology-phone-34407/)
* JetShoots.com (https://www.pexels.com/photo/action-air-aircraft-aviation-442587/)
* Elviss Railijs Bitans (https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-vinyl-record-playing-on-turntable-1389429/)
* Tabitha Mort (https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-blue-pink-and-green-led-light-775907/)
* Steve Johnson (https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-portable-speaker-1044989/)
* FancyCrave.com (https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-ram-card-collection-825262/)
* Max DeRoin (https://www.pexels.com/photo/keyboard-green-51415/)
* Bruce Mars (https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-wearing-white-virtual-reality-goggles-834949/)
* Sathesh D (https://www.pexels.com/photo/closeup-photo-of-black-computer-keyboard-s-left-side-keys-698808/)
* Negative Space (https://www.pexels.com/photo/computer-keyboard-34153/)
* Mali Maeder (https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-wearing-black-henley-shirt-and-white-vr-goggles-756439/)
* Bradley Hook (https://www.pexels.com/photo/sky-woman-clouds-girl-123335/)
* Francesco Ungaro (https://www.pexels.com/photo/mosaic-alien-on-wall-1670977/)


## Version Changes

### 0.003:
Design for the first page is almost fully done, effects and all. While at it, I "modularized" the SCSS code, so theming the rest of the pages should be quite simpler and a-lot faster.

Now, on to single pages.

#### Known problems:
The design crashed my Chrome Canary. Maybe it's because I use a bunch of huge images for testing. Maybe not. It's not time for that kind of problem-solving. Plus, I haven't checked it at-all in *any* other browser or older versions. That will come at the end, when building the Media Queries to "tune" everything for different screens and devices.

### 0.002:
"Brought in" and "spliced" HTML Boilerplate with existing structure.

* Changed name to Core Phoenix. I'll be honest: purely because muscle memory forces me to type "core this, core that". I've worked privately on my "Core" series of themes for half a decade, so... Yeah.

* Yes, I use A-LOT of IDs and CLASSEs where I probably shouldn't ('cause I could "target" stuff with hierarchical rules). My self-diagnosed ADHD self finds it easier "theming" stuff this way. If you don't like it, feel free to fork this.

### 0.001:
Basic "skeleton" structure of theme - the "where everything will go (in the front page)" part. Logo, menus, posts and stuffs.
```

Commit message:

WordPress-izing of the theme progressing a-okay! Theoretically, you can now test the theme on a "live" WP blog with proper post content.

readme.md, after:

```
# Core Phoenix WP Theme

A lean, mean WP theme. Work-In-Progress. For now, it's not even a proper WP theme - it's some pure and basic HTML and CSS that will set up the pillars of what the theme itself will be. Sometime in the - I hope not too distant - future.

## Some backstory...

I designed http://unregistered.gr's and http://pipesmag.com's main theme, titled "Core", ages ago. It remains a fluid, versatille theme that's visually closer to a proper mag than most of the "magazine themes" out there. But some things were lacking: it depended on some plugins (for no real reason bar my inexperience to taming and extending WP through PHP) and was practically a behemoth of rules upon rules, with other rules canceling some of those rules, with even more extra rules sprinkled on top, changing stuffs. Far from what you'd call optimal.

After a nasty hack sent both sites (and some extra co-hosted ones) offline, and after having neglected updating them for years, I decided it was time for a reboot. And this is it: a leaner, meaner theme that should, for all intends and purposes, look and work in a similar way to the "Core" variants before it. But better. In each and every way.

I dunno if and when it will be finished - I've got other priorities in life right now. But I *had* to stop perpetually postponing it.

## Getting Started

Load the main index.html into your browser to see how everything's looking up to now, and how any WP site will look in the future when using this theme.

### Prerequisites

None for now. We'll see if anything extra is needed. I'll try to keep everything simple and avoid using *any* addons if it isn't really necessary.

This *does* mean that, in the long run, I consider better (and the theme will demand) editing some files to change some parameters manually instead of having to add extra fluff on a WP instalation, needlesly draging things down.

### Installing

Nothing for now. It's the equivalent of a non-working "static" HTML page. Will be "WordPress-ized" when we reach a point where that's possible.

## Built With

* Sublime Text 3 editor
* Atom editor
* Firefox (Nightly)
* EMMET & SASS & LESS & SCSS and stuffs, for quicker initial setup
* Bits and pieces from HTML5 Boilerplate.
* Font Awesome
* Lots of coffee
* Pure CSS slideshow idea from https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z74ExMz-cWU (...but tweaked to fit the rest of our theme).

## Contributing

Feel free to message me if you care to lend a hand in the theme's development. PHP's not my strong point, so if anyone wants to deal with that part, I'm open. Page me.

## Authors

* Odysseas Kourafalos - aka: Ducklord

## License

This project is licensed under no License for now - this is something I didn't have the time to deal with. To keep things simple, "you can use it if you mention, with links, what it is, where you found it and who made it in the footer of your site". Since, for now, it's useless as a "real theme" for WP sites, I don't think you'd really care "using it".

## Acknowledgments

* Many-many thanks to Phoat for originally teaching me the basic webdev stuffs, constant support and awesome hosting for close to the past decade.
* Also to my wife and kiddo for tolerating me.
* Hybrid, Crystal Method, Fluke and Philter for providing the main background noise while I made this. Through Spotify.

### Theme backgrounds
The default "test" images are from Pexels. Specifically (and since I like acknowledging everybody I "borrowed" stuff from):
* Pixabay (https://www.pexels.com/photo/sky-space-telescope-universe-41951/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/barbecue-blaze-bonfire-burn-220129/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/red-and-orange-solar-flare-73873/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/sky-space-dark-galaxy-2150/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/astronomy-background-constellation-cosmic-355887/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/abstract-art-blur-bright-373543/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/red-lights-in-line-on-black-surface-158826/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/computer-computer-keyboard-contemporary-display-257881/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/aerospace-engineering-exploration-launch-34521/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/accessory-buttons-console-control-275033/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/arts-build-close-up-commerce-273230/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/blur-chains-chrome-close-up-220237/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/aperture-art-blur-camera-414781/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/macro-shot-of-water-drops-on-leaf-326461/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/abstract-art-blur-board-270549/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/technology-computer-lines-board-50711/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-wireless-game-controller-on-black-leather-159438/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/white-reflection-happy-game-59966/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/game-controller-159204/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-video-game-controller-159393/)
* Jutta Albers (https://www.pexels.com/photo/firewoods-on-fire-998090/)
* Juan (https://www.pexels.com/photo/photography-of-night-sky-733475/)
* Nathan Cowley (https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-grass-on-sand-overlooking-body-of-water-1300510/)
* No Name (https://www.pexels.com/photo/nature-sky-sunset-the-mountains-66997/)
* Frans Van Heerden (https://www.pexels.com/photo/grey-and-orange-spaceship-700015/)
* Tookapic (https://www.pexels.com/photo/lights-night-blur-traffic-8395/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/electronics-circuit-board-11406/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/reflection-playstation-pad-gaming-18174/)
* Rakicevic Nenad (https://www.pexels.com/photo/silhouette-of-person-holding-glass-mason-jar-1274260/)
* Bob Clark (https://www.pexels.com/photo/lights-water-blur-rain-21492/)
* Mitchell Henderson (https://www.pexels.com/photo/snow-and-trees-2004383/)
* Jeremy Bishop (https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-grass-field-during-evening-2397413/)
* Jaymantri (https://www.pexels.com/photo/earth-space-cosmos-5439/)
* Clem Onojeghuo (https://www.pexels.com/photo/blue-ocean-sea-water-175773/)
* RawPixel (https://www.pexels.com/photo/macbook-pro-908284/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-and-white-laptop-computer-872958/ , https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-playing-foosball-1464820/)
* FancyCrave.com (https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-and-black-computer-motherboard-825258/)
* Panumas Nikhomkhai (https://www.pexels.com/photo/bandwidth-close-up-computer-connection-1148820/)
* Sebastiaan Stam (https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-s-gray-hoodie-1482476/)
* Stephan Muller (https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-wearing-black-and-blue-mask-costume-1473215/)
* Martin Lopez (https://www.pexels.com/photo/white-and-black-computer-fan-2225617/)
* Garrett Morrow (https://www.pexels.com/photo/top-view-photo-of-black-wireless-headphones-1649771/)
* Azz Bad (https://www.pexels.com/photo/analogue-business-close-up-computer-117729/)
* Suludan Diliyaer (https://www.pexels.com/photo/buttons-close-up-controller-dark-596750/)
* Jens Mahnke (https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-holding-white-snes-controller-776092/)
* Yurii Hlei (https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-xbox-controller-1365795/)
* FreeStocks.Org (https://www.pexels.com/photo/mokup-smartphone-technology-phone-34407/)
* JetShoots.com (https://www.pexels.com/photo/action-air-aircraft-aviation-442587/)
* Elviss Railijs Bitans (https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-vinyl-record-playing-on-turntable-1389429/)
* Tabitha Mort (https://www.pexels.com/photo/photo-of-blue-pink-and-green-led-light-775907/)
* Steve Johnson (https://www.pexels.com/photo/black-portable-speaker-1044989/)
* FancyCrave.com (https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-ram-card-collection-825262/)
* Max DeRoin (https://www.pexels.com/photo/keyboard-green-51415/)
* Bruce Mars (https://www.pexels.com/photo/man-wearing-white-virtual-reality-goggles-834949/)
* Sathesh D (https://www.pexels.com/photo/closeup-photo-of-black-computer-keyboard-s-left-side-keys-698808/)
* Negative Space (https://www.pexels.com/photo/computer-keyboard-34153/)
* Mali Maeder (https://www.pexels.com/photo/person-wearing-black-henley-shirt-and-white-vr-goggles-756439/)
* Bradley Hook (https://www.pexels.com/photo/sky-woman-clouds-girl-123335/)
* Francesco Ungaro (https://www.pexels.com/photo/mosaic-alien-on-wall-1670977/)


## Version Changes

### 0.004: Since (my) Atom's Live Reload plugin seems to only work with the "index" page in a project's folder, and the main index page is almost ready, I renamed it to work on the Single pages. Aaaand they're almost ready.

### 0.003:
Design for the first page is almost fully done, effects and all. While at it, I "modularized" the SCSS code, so theming the rest of the pages should be quite simpler and a-lot faster.

Now, on to single pages.

#### Known problems:
The design crashed my Chrome Canary. Maybe it's because I use a bunch of huge images for testing. Maybe not. It's not time for that kind of problem-solving. Plus, I haven't checked it at-all in *any* other browser or older versions. That will come at the end, when building the Media Queries to "tune" everything for different screens and devices.

### 0.002:
"Brought in" and "spliced" HTML Boilerplate with existing structure.

* Changed name to Core Phoenix. I'll be honest: purely because muscle memory forces me to type "core this, core that". I've worked privately on my "Core" series of themes for half a decade, so... Yeah.

* Yes, I use A-LOT of IDs and CLASSEs where I probably shouldn't ('cause I could "target" stuff with hierarchical rules). My self-diagnosed ADHD self finds it easier "theming" stuff this way. If you don't like it, feel free to fork this.

### 0.001:
Basic "skeleton" structure of theme - the "where everything will go (in the front page)" part. Logo, menus, posts and stuffs.
```
